clarify auth0 uri (#8682)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/auth0-uri.md

The URI used for SSO connections will vary based on your <Constant name="cloud" /> hosted region. To find the Auth0 URI (also called the **Single sign-on URL**, **Authorization URL**, or **Callback URI**) for your environment:

> 1. Navigate to your **Account settings** and click **SSO & SCIM** on the left menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to your **Account settings** and click **SSO & SCIM** in the left menu.
```

Reviewer: Hiya @mirnawong1 

This is a non-blocking suggestion

Kind Regards
Natalie

> 2. Click **Edit** or **Get started** in the **Single sign-on** pane.

Reviewer 2: I know both work, but maybe for the sake of reducing potential confusion, we highlight one path to do this for the instructions

Author: good flag! the reason i added it is because i was caught up in the confusion reading the instruction and not seeing edit so i think adding it doesn't hurt.

Author: ok changed it to here:

In the **Single sign-on** pane, click **Get started** (if SSO has not been configured) or **Edit** (if it has already been set up).

> 2. Click **Edit** or **Get started** in the **Single sign-on** pane.

Author: ```suggestion
2. In the **Single sign-on** pane, click **Get started** (if SSO has not been configured) or **Edit** (if it has already been set up).
```

3. Select the appropriate **Identity provider** from the **Provider type** dropdown.
4. The Auth0 URI is displayed under the **Identity provider values** section. The field label depends on the provider you selected:

   | Identity provider | Field label | Example URI |
   |---|---|---|

>    | SAML 2.0 | **Single sign-on URL** | `https://auth.cloud.getdbt.com/login/callback?connection=account_name-random_characters` |

Reviewer 3: These shouldn't be hard coded because they depend on what Auth0 tenant the account is in - I think it's better to use placeholder values like: `https://YOUR_AUTH0_URI/login/callback`

Author: Ah ok good callout, thank you!

>    | SAML 2.0 | **Single sign-on URL** | `https://auth.cloud.getdbt.com/login/callback?connection=account_name-random_characters` |

Reviewer 2: Can we also capitalize any placeholder text that's part of the URLs?

Author: good shout!

   | Okta | **Single sign-on URL** | `https://auth.cloud.getdbt.com/login/callback?connection=account_name-random_characters` |
   | Google Workspace | **Authorized Redirect URI** | `https://auth.cloud.getdbt.com/login/callback` |
   | Microsoft Entra ID | **Callback URI** | `https://auth.cloud.getdbt.com/login/callback` |

   *Where `account_name-random_characters` is specific to your account.*

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/access-control/sso-uri.png" width="80%" title="Example of the identity provider values for a SAML 2.0 provider" />

> :::info The Auth0 URI uses `auth.cloud.getdbt.com` for all accounts

Reviewer 2: May want to shorten the title and let the body explain
```suggestion
:::info Auth0 URI 
```

> The Auth0 URI always contains `YOUR_AUTH0_URI` (for example, `auth.cloud.getdbt.com`), not your account prefix URL (such as `ks123.us1.dbt.com`). This is because <Constant name="cloud" /> uses Auth0 as a centralized authentication service. You do _not_ need to replace this with your cell-specific URL.

Author: ```suggestion
The Auth0 URI should always use `YOUR_AUTH0_URI` (for example, `auth.cloud.getdbt.com`), not your account-specific prefix URL (such as `ks123.us1.dbt.com`). This is because <Constant name="cloud" /> uses Auth0 as a centralized authentication service. You don't need to replace this value with your cell-specific URL.
```

> The Auth0 URI should always use `YOUR_AUTH0_URI` (for example, `auth.cloud.getdbt.com`), not your account-specific prefix URL (such as `ks123.us1.dbt.com`). This is because <Constant name="cloud" /> uses Auth0 as a centralized authentication service. You don't need to replace this value with your cell-specific URL.

Author: ```suggestion
The Auth0 URI always contains `YOUR_AUTH0_URI` (for example, `auth.cloud.getdbt.com`), not your account-specific prefix URL (such as `ks123.us1.dbt.com`). This is because <Constant name="cloud" /> uses Auth0 as a centralized authentication service. You don't need to replace this value with your cell-specific URL.
```

> The Auth0 URI always contains `YOUR_AUTH0_URI` (for example, `auth.cloud.getdbt.com`), not your account-specific prefix URL (such as `ks123.us1.dbt.com`). This is because <Constant name="cloud" /> uses Auth0 as a centralized authentication service. You don't need to replace this value with your cell-specific URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Auth0 URI always contains YOUR_AUTH0_URI (for example, auth.cloud.getdbt.com), not your account-specific prefix URL (such as ks123.us1.dbt.com). This is because <Constant name="cloud" /> uses Auth0 as a centralized authentication service across all regions and accounts. You don't need to replace this value with your cell-specific URL.
```

Reviewer: Hiya @mirnawong1 

This is a non-blocking suggestion. I thought it might be a good idea to put a little more emphasis on this considering the info is in a callout.

Kind Regards
Natalie

> The Auth0 URI always uses `auth.cloud.getdbt.com`, even if your account uses a cell-based login URL (such as `ks123.us1.dbt.com`). This is because <Constant name="cloud" /> uses Auth0 as a centralized authentication service. You do _not_ need to replace this with your cell-specific URL.

Reviewer 2: I think every account this is applicable to (except ST) uses account prefix URLs now
```suggestion
The Auth0 URI always contains `auth.cloud.getdbt.com`, not your account prefix URL (such as `ks123.us1.dbt.com`). This is because <Constant name="cloud" /> uses Auth0 as a centralized authentication service. You do _not_ need to replace this with your cell-specific URL.
```
